Good morning everyone, it feels good even if the sea breeze is over
Harrier in Genkai Town Takaya Bay will bother Yuyori Center today
xor
tee
2x
bea
tan
You can smell it
Hmm
ni
Did you come from there?
Do you have enjoyed the following from why I thought
7 but it is reason to say that he
Did you finish today ?
Yes but what was Kuremashi
Does is fished person
Yeah yeah yeah
Hmm
What did you give me this is true
It is big
Is small
It came from today, but from Hara Ward of luxurious city
Hmm
It is joint, but touched, but is it so so?
Do not you enjoy together in what family I fishing fun
I have a daughter of? This is a good show me catch a fish
This is it
Big deal
Fukuoka is that Tteyuu Mimatsu
Yes, but I wonder if it's a freak today but I don't think it only takes one big
You come from Usore Fukuoka Nomiyama
Together carried out because it is the translation Did you catch What about today
The Takaya Bay Recreational Fishing Center is located within the Genkai National Park Special Area.
It is in the bay of Takaya
A wide fishing moat is connected at the Okijima pier near the shore
We make use of flow of ceremony Echizen tide by net
The fish released in the fishing moat are released from natural fish taken with their own fixed net and bottom net
It will change depending on the season, but four are red sea bream yellowtail amberjack amberjack flounder
Black sea bream horse mackerel
Around
There is a wide variety of things including Suzuki Isaki Kawahagi
Sometimes 10 kg of Hiramasa 4 kg of Madei
Contains large fish such as 3 kg flatfish
Because less than 3 km of 1 kg of true salmon and blue fish are also unlimited fishing
It seems to be able to bring back all flatfish and so on without taking 5 bullets 8 mm
There are four ships is better tree to ride more than 10 people at the Izan minutes
All toilets and roofs are shallow water depths around 10 meters
There are around 17 meters deep
It seems that there are many anglers who aim for chinu by dumpling fishing
This horse mackerel 's Sabiki fishing and the fish fishing of the mada aim
How to fish is each
3 also has been prepared
Even beginners can enjoy fishing freely
Everybody also feels the middle sea ​​breeze of this great nature
Do not try to win the big hope
car
goo
me
ni